TODO.md, before:

## Features

- [ ] Add iterator method for array.
- [ ] Convert hex designer to class.
- [ ] Add get hex at pixel method to designer (with offset + zoom).
- [ ] Get rotate hex coordinates from hex options (also pass to designer)
- [ ] Board - first row starts high or low (also pass to designer)
- [ ] Optimize version for hex in position (only inner circle)

## Library infrasturcture
- [ ] Add test coverage (with threshold) - make it work in ES6. https://github.com/ambitioninc/babel-istanbul
- [ ] Add JSDoc.
- [ ] Proper lib (npm/ requireJS/ commonJS/ AMD/ browser).
- [ ] Modify issues / pull-request tags.
- [ ] Extend CONTRIBUTING and add CODE_OF_CONDUCT.
- [ ] Convert npm pre-publish hook to new version ("prepublish": "npm build-lib && npm run lint && npm test && npm build-dist")
- [ ] Add CI / build checker / pull-request checker (travis?).
- [ ] Add Wiki.
- [ ] Add proper tags.
- [ ] README (+logo).
- [ ] Add examples.
- [ ] Add publish script (npm + bower + cdnjs?)
- [ ] Github page.

Commit message:

Playing around with default options

TODO.md, after:

## Features

- [ ] Solve defaults options.
- [ ] Add iterator method for array.
- [ ] Convert hex designer to class.
- [ ] Add get hex at pixel method to designer (with offset + zoom).
- [ ] Get rotate hex coordinates from hex options (also pass to designer)
- [ ] Board - first row starts high or low (also pass to designer)
- [ ] Non-Optimized version for hex in position

## Library infrasturcture
- [ ] Add test coverage (with threshold) - make it work in ES6. https://github.com/ambitioninc/babel-istanbul
- [ ] Add JSDoc.
- [ ] Proper lib (npm/ requireJS/ commonJS/ AMD/ browser).
- [ ] Modify issues / pull-request tags.
- [ ] Extend CONTRIBUTING and add CODE_OF_CONDUCT.
- [ ] Convert npm pre-publish hook to new version ("prepublish": "npm build-lib && npm run lint && npm test && npm build-dist")
- [ ] Add CI / build checker / pull-request checker (travis?).
- [ ] Add Wiki.
- [ ] Add proper tags.
- [ ] README (+logo).
- [ ] Add examples.
- [ ] Add publish script (npm + bower + cdnjs?)
- [ ] Github page.
